docs: Add Docserv² AsciiDoc docs (#279)
openSUSE/docserv: docs/adoc/config-localization.adoc

include::1-attribute.adoc[]

[#config-localization]
# Localization

{ds2} supports localization of the templates for navigational pages via localization files in conjunction with SSI fragments.
Use of the SSI fragment feature also necessitates use of localization files.

All localization files must be collected in a single directory.

There must be at least one localization file for the default UI language.
This file must contain all requested localization strings.

Files for alternative UI languages and the strings within them are optional.
In case they are missing, the default UI language's string will be used as a fallback.

[#config-localization-file]
## Localization file structure

> Localization files are based on an easily validatable XML schema.

Author: So, I was not 100% sure about this wording either. The idea here is that this format is intentionally simple and easy to validate. I would not focus on the RNG v/ XSD thing. Suggestion:

```suggestion
Localization files are based on a simple file format and easy to validate.
```

> Localization files are based on an easily validatable XML schema.

Reviewer: That would work too. 

The schema file is `share/build-navigation/fragment-l10n-schema.rnc`, right?

> Localization files are based on an easily validatable XML schema.

Author: It is.

Each file represents a single language.
Within a localization file, localization strings are uniquely identified by their __localization key__.

Localization files must be named `__LANGUAGE_CODE__.xml`.
The language code must be of the type `la-ng` (for example, `en-us`).

The file format of localization files looks like this:

[source,xml]
----
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<locale xmlns="https://github.com/openSUSE/docserv/l10n" lang="LANGUAGE_CODE">

  <content key="LOCALIZATION_KEY">LOCALIZED_CONTENT</content>

</locale>
----

* The `__LANGUAGE_CODE__` must be of the type `la-ng` (for example, `en-us`).
This language code is purely informative.
{ds2} will only pick up the language code from the file name.

> * The `__LOCALIZATION_KEY__` must be unique within each localization file.

Author: It's an xsd:ID type.

> * The `__LOCALIZATION_KEY__` must be unique within each localization file.

Author: Noted in the docs now, resolving.
